hereby i describe just the idea of the game


"""
a player is in a dungeon with three rooms. In each room
there is a key and a portal that teleports the player to the next
room, teleporting without taking a key is not possible, key must
be obtained first. The player has 100 hp and can collect
coins throughout the game. If the player loses all his
hp (100), he dies. And is sent to the very first room to 
restart the game. There are 4 characters in the game:
1.  Main character - the one that the player is using
2.  Key guardian - a character who guards the key from the 
player, he is spawned in every room and the player neeeds
to encounter him in order to get the key and get a pass to the
next room. During the encounter of the main character and the 
key guard, player's health decreases by a random value 1-100,
the main character might die in the very first room, it is random.
3.  The thief - the thief spawns randomly in any of the three
rooms. He might spawn in every room, or might not spam in 
any room. The thief's role is to steal coins from the player. The 
coins are being stolen when the thief ends up on the same tile as 
the main character. The thief does not appear in the start of the 
round. He spawns randomly on some tile of the room. The amount
of coins that he steals is random. 
4.  The healer - the healer is spawned randomly in any
room. He may be encountered once during the whole game. During
an encounter with the player, the healer increases the main
character's current health by a random number. 
 
Positions of the characters:
    Main character - is spawned in top left corner everytime
    Key guardian - spawned in top right corner every time
    The thief - spawned randomly on a random tile
    The healer - spawned in 1 of 3 rooms in bottom left corner
    The portal to the next room - bottom right corner

If the player dies, the panel "You Lose" is shown
If the player successfully completes the game, in the end of it
the panel "You Win" with all the stats like coins, health
and time is shown


"""